Azure Sentinel: send the original owner in mirror (#28920)
demisto/content: Packs/AzureSentinel/ReleaseNotes/1_5_16.md

#### Integrations

##### Microsoft Sentinel

> - Fixed an issue where the Owner in Azure incident was changed to Unassigned in mirror out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the Owner in an Azure incident was changed to Unassigned when mirroring out.
```
